It 's fun and entertaining as well.
to the zone
go to www dn is crazy point
blog.com br br very very complex
It's controversial but I will not speak ill of a
of them not only failed to take off in a
I've tried various types of religions
I did not adapt with the Mass
is the one that by that central prevents
that they walked on 10 knees in hammock in the
china that business not who frequents
mass already knows the choreography is the priest
orders now leaves the law had now okay
standing but now without effect that by
first time is the country
I give it to you, it's a sign to me.
I did not adapt 2011
another thing that I adapted with the priest
because the priest is usually very very
very very porous when it is very
very much 12 is foreign and sometimes
it's very very very sick abroad
acoustics of the church is not usually very
good and a microphone of glory is also
very cool so if the change
I'm not understanding you lose there
That's why we 're going to compete in
my head and the man stopped going to sleep
here o
the tap is here in the environment something else
I do not understand on the table and anyway
after stopping micaretas until for example
a priest in a business has repeated it
fight for children standing
worried but that lord is mine
Shepherd
I never know when he's in the middle of
note about all things then
sponsors past thinking and a half
I'm going to me, ale, and who's rosana?
who stands at the height of my blindness
total for you on the edge is calling
The first time I heard this I thought it was
my dog ​​of your letter as not
He gave
So give it to me, Tony, I tried it.
being an evangelist tried to be an evangelical
I adapted shouted a lot on this walk
Pray for you and the Canada that launched
God listens garay 10 turquoise disc
God I did not adapt with the bible too
because I 've never been very good dictionary
huh
So I pastor would send that chapter.
12 verse 3 when I thought it was
in chapter 19 mpf to getting so far
it is enough to live according to that sea
his head out there besides clinic plays
1247 york will only write, I feel
For example, my wife likes a
A December bar mark will hit
drum solved convinced me arrived
friends and love, you need to take a
let me step in the center
I do not like I have a damn bastard.
I have a favor that is the shovel people.
mechanics as I think I 'm afraid of
my wife even likes it
Macumba do not know how I was with her is
say center / good center away
this is the best the planet was at the end of
year was kind after president
it was
It was a place far away today, I know
I got there, I have email Brazil
Hi, hi. I do not say yes, center year.
always arriving first thing home
I've already drunk limbs come
apply this lady macumbeiro do
macumba for her that the house such rigor
to speak in charity I went behind already admitted
in my mouth I passed though I 'll look for
what it means to be judged today in the
eye
comes from a table full of popcorn like that.
was a tapioca by the doctor of the saints
to meet ct while at your table
visit for millions by kaká and robinho
She tells us that. I had to do it.
against the offerings for iemanjá in the sea
There he stayed half an hour in the umbanda shop.
buy the products or even buy one
boat with rice powder 100 brands in
nothing the perfume las with cork stopper
with the bracelets all interned the flower
of precarious plastic you are buying
the woman only the gifts for iemanjá
Dona just invite the shit presents
Of these I have power that she already has me.
I'm your wife died of drowning and strength.
I arrived at sea on the beach that boat
under the arm police one day
free to change the television was macumbeiro was
Our chico rolê 71 days keeps
little boat maipú kingdom of half a meter bull
my wife does not let her accept
provider
This fucking business is the first challenge.
of 50 reais and an oracle ticket that the
Lady, please
look at the touch
You're amazing the play I go.